
Lamar Blain

kaizen      : seek incremental daily improvement
moderation  : avoid extremes in all areas of life
well being  : take care of body and mind.  
silence     : speak not but what may benefit others or yourself. Say more with less.
sincerity   : use no hurtful deceit; think innocently and justly, and, if you speak, speak accordingly
industry    : lose no time, always be employed in something useful; cut off all unnecessary actions
golden rule : what you do not desire for yourself, do not do to others
chastity    : rarely use venery but for health or offspring, never to dullness, weakness, or the injury of your own or another's peace or reputation
resolution  : resolve to perform what you ought; perform without fail what you resolve. iow, do what you say you are going to do




 Temperance
Eat not to dullness; drink not to elevation

 Order
Let all your things have their places; let each part of your business have its time
 Resolution
Resolve to perform what you ought; perform without fail what you resolve.
 Frugality
Make no expense but to do good to others or yourself; i.e., waste nothing
 Moderation
Avoid extremes; forbear resenting injuries so much as you think they deserve.
 Industry
Lose no time; be always employed in something useful; cut off all unnecessary actions.
 Cleanliness
Tolerate no uncleanliness in body, clothes, or habitation.
 Tranquility
Be not disturbed at trifles, or at accidents common or unavoidable
 Silence
Speak not but what may benefit others or yourself; avoid trifling conversation
 Sincerity
Use no hurtful deceit; think innocently and justly, and, if you speak, speak accordingly
 Justice
Wrong none by doing injuries, or omitting the benefits that are your duty.
 Chastity
Rarely use venery but for health or offspring, never to dullness, weakness, or the injury of your own or another's peace or reputation
 Humility
Imitate Jesus and Socrates
 Well Being
Take care of your body. Exercise regularly, concentrate on consuming a healthy diet
Satisfaction with the day?
Use slider below to select the level of satisfaction on a scale from 1 to 10